# compiler-explorer.el #

Emacs package that provides a client for [compiler explorer][compiler-explorer] service.

## Usage ##

`M-x compiler-explorer` is the main entry point.  It will ask you for a
language and display source&compilation buffers.  Type something in the source
buffer; the compilation buffer will automatically update with compiled asm
code.  Another buffer displays output of the compiled and executed program.

### Compilation ###

`M-x compiler-explorer-set-compiler` changes the compiler for current session.

`M-x compiler-explorer-set-compiler-args` sets compilation options.

`M-x compiler-explorer-add-library` asks for a library version and adds it to
current compilation.  `M-x compiler-explorer-remove-library` removes them.

### Execution ###

`M-x compiler-explorer-set-execution-args` sets the arguments for the executed
program.

`M-x compiler-explorer-set-input` reads a string from minibuffer that will be
used as input for the executed program.

### Session management ###

`M-x compiler-explorer-new-session` kills the current session and creates a new
one, asking for source language.

`M-x compiler-explorer-previous-session` lets you restore previous sessions.

`M-x compiler-explorer-discard-session` kills the current or selected sessions
and forgets about them forever.

`M-x compiler-explorer-exit` kills the current session.

### ASM ###

`M-x compiler-explorer-browse-opcode-documentation` opens a website that
contains the documentation for the opcode at point.

`M-x compiler-explorer-jump` jumps to ASM block for the source line at point
and vice versa.

### Tools ###

`M-x compiler-explorer-add-tool` asks for the name of a tool, adds it to
current compilation and displays a new buffer showing the tool's output.

`M-x compiler-explorer-remove-tool` prompts for the name of an added tool to
remove.

`M-x compiler-explorer-set-tool-args` sets the arguments for an added tool.

`M-x compiler-explorer-set-tool-input` reads a string from minibuffer that will
be used as input for an added tool.


### Other commands ###

`M-x compiler-explorer-load-example` prompts for a name of a builtin example
and loads it.

`M-x compiler-explorer-make-link` generates a link for current compilation so
it can be opened in a browser and shared.

`M-x compiler-explorer-restore-from-link` restores a session from a URL,
generated by the website or by this package.

`M-x compiler-explorer-layout` cycles between different layouts.

## Customization

Additional customization is possible via `M-x customize-group`
`compiler-explorer`.

### Usage with language servers

The following snippet sets up the built-in eglot package to start a language
server for each session, and to automatically create and update a
`compile_flags.txt` file (recognized by clangd) to have the same compiler
arguments that are set for the current session.  This requires that the
`compiler-explorer-make-temp-file` custom variable is non-nil.

```elisp

(add-hook 'compiler-explorer-new-session-hook #'eglot-ensure)

(defun my/compiler-explorer-params-change-hook (what value)
  "Hook run when compilation parameters WHAT change to VALUE."
  (pcase what
    ('compiler-args
     (with-current-buffer compiler-explorer--buffer
       (when (derived-mode-p 'c-mode 'c++-mode)
         (with-temp-file "compile_flags.txt"
           (insert (mapconcat #'identity
                              (split-string-and-unquote value) "\n")))
         (when (eglot-current-server)
           (eglot-reconnect (eglot-current-server))))))))

(add-hook 'compiler-explorer-params-change-hook
          #'my/compiler-explorer-params-change-hook)
```

## License ##

```
Copyright (C) 2020-2025 Michał Krzywkowski

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```
<!-- Local Variables: -->
<!-- coding: utf-8 -->
<!-- fill-column: 79 -->
<!-- End: -->

[compiler-explorer]: https://godbolt.org/
